[Amanda]
Previously on Will Trent...
[in Spanish]
[in English] I'm sorry.
this is a little hard for me.
[in Spanish]
-Antonio.
-[in English] Uncle Antonio.
You look just like your mother.
-Let me take you
to Puerto Rico.
-What?
[speaking Spanish]
[Lucy. in English]
You're getting better.
I don't know about that. but I
love seeing where you're from.
There's a part of you
that's from here too.
If there is.
I don't feel it yet.
[Lucy] Mijo.
you're so hard on yourself.
You're special.
[♪ "NUEVAYoL" playing]
[attendee] Catalina.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[attendees cheering]
-[attendees clamoring]
-[attendee 2]
Javi. what happened?
[attendee 3 speaking Spanish]
Javi. is Catalina okay?
[clamoring continues]
[police radio chatter]
-See?
-Yep.
[Pete] And there.
Yep. Also...
Yep.
[chattering]
She was like family to us.
Her mom's devastated.
Catalina was her only child.
I am so sorry.
Amanda. this is Ramos Delgado
and his wife. Isabella.
He is cultural attaché
from Colombia.
He sponsored Catalina's visa.
Hmm. Amanda Wagner.
Deputy Director. GBI.
Sorry for your loss.
Thank you. It's terrible.
She was so young.
Is there any reason
to suspect foul play?
Our ME is here with my partner.
I'll go check on them.
-We'll need
a tox screen to confirm.
-[Faith sighs]
How we doing?
The power couple from Bogotá
would love an update.
-Poison.
-How do you know?
-Lips are blue.
EMT said they were blue
when they found her.
central cyanosis.
Fingertips cyanotic too.
-So she wasn't getting oxygen.
-Long list of poisons
with those effects.
She was dancing moments
before she hit the floor.
-It was fast-acting.
-That's a shorter list.
-No injection sites.
no residue.
-Even shorter.
If it was mixed into
a drink or food.
anyone in this room
could've slipped it to her.
These people wanna go home.
Well. I have bad news for them.
We need to talk to
everybody here.
Half these people
are foreign nationals
who do not speak English.
and at this hour. we are not
going to be able to get
an interpreter down here.
I have two years of Español.
I got this.
[groans]
[in Spanish]
[in English]
Yo. where are you from?
Atlanta. but my mother's
from Puerto Rico.
If you're Puerto Rican.
why does your Spanish
sound like that?
And for real.
why does your English
sound like that too?
[in Spanish]
[in English] What did he say?
Catalina was. uh.
good at dancing.
Ramos.
Speak in English. my love.
Ah.
My apologies.
I was under the belief
you were Puerto Rican.
Well. so was I.
I can't believe she's gone.
Catalina was my dance partner.
Javi. I know this is difficult.
but I'm gonna need you
to tell us
everything you remember
about Catalina's last hours.
We were together
almost the entire night.
We were rehearsing
the final group number
for closing ceremonies.
This late?
The after-party is where
the real dancing takes place.
Dancers come to unwind.
Catalina loved to talk trash.
She was bold like that.
Did you see her eat
or drink anything?
No.
She didn't like to eat or drink
when she was dancing.
-[Faith sighs]
-[Will clears throat]
I wonder
how many more of these we have.
[Will] Hmm.
[Faith sighs]
So you're not gonna
say anything? Hmm?
What?
Really? You don't notice
anything different about me?
-What. did you get
a haircut or something?
-[Will sighs]
Oh! The suit. The suit.
You went from green-brown--
To brown-green. Yes. Yes.
Night and day difference.
isn't it?
Oh. yeah. Yeah.
And now that I see it.
it's big.
But it's almost. like. too big.
Like I might need a minute.
-It's a lot to process.
-Hmm.
Sarcasm. Hmm. Well.
Subtlety and
attention to detail never were
your strongest currencies.
Hmm. Excuse me?
Special Agent Trent.
Oh. Did you go
from greenish-brown
to brownish-green?
I love it. Eyes popping.
Bonbon Chiffon.
Thank you for noticing. Bonbon.
It's what I do.
And you also dance salsa.
Oh. well. I'm the MC. but yes.
of course I dance salsa.
And people have got to stop
getting murdered around me.
My sensitive. sweet. gorgeous.
single soul can't take it.
What can you tell us
about Catalina?
Did you know her?
Know her?
I was obsessed with her.
Her attitude. her skin.
her tetas .
I used to watch her
do her makeup every night.
It was like a sacred ritual.
The closest thing I've ever had
to a religious experience.
How well did you know her?
Not at all.
But I love the idea of her.
Can you show us
where she did her makeup?
Of course.
This was her station here.
bendita .
God rest her soul.
Door was propped open.
no cameras. no security.
Which means
the dancers. musicians.
even fans had access.
Special Agent.
why am I only just now learning
that you're Puerto Rican?
I don't know. Bonbon.
It didn't seem relevant.
-Being Puerto Rican
is always relevant.
-[snaps fingers]
Uh! Put that down.
It's a crime scene.
How did you know
I was Puerto Rican?
Oh. everybody's
talking about it out there.
-They don't like you
too much. Agent.
-Hmm.
So which side is
the Puerto Rican on?
It's my mother.
Oh. so your dad's German.
What? No.
-Then where does
the German come from?
-There is no German.
It does seem like there's
a little German.
Maybe it's because you're so.
like. tight. you know.
but that's why we get along
so good. papi.
because you're like this
and I'm like this. [exhales]
You see?
Okay. let's get back
to the case.
Javi said that Catalina
didn't like to eat or drink
before she danced.
So if the poison
wasn't ingested...
[Will] This makeup's different
from the rest.
Maybe it was absorbed
through her skin.
No.
-Death by contouring?
-[Will] We need
to get this to the lab.
Y'all got a body makeup lab?
In the meantime.
do we release the hostages?
They're not hostages.
they're witnesses.
And. no.
we can't let them go yet.
[attendees chattering]
Hola . Hello.
Is this... is this on? Um...
-[♪ dance music playing]
-Oh.
How do I...
Does anybody know how to...
how to work this? Um...
-Oh. Oh. my God.
-[microphone feedback]
[Will] It's on. Okay.
[speaking Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[microphone feedback]
-Just one moment. Aha. You see?
-[♪ music stops]
Oh. Can you hear me? [echoing]
Sorry. Too close. Uh...
Thank you all for...
[echoing continues]
[speaking Spanish]
Hey. yo.
Just speak English. bro.
Yo. can we leave or what?
Not quite. [echoing]
Still have a few
more interviews and we're also
waiting on some test results.
Should be really quickly.
Only a few more hours.
[clamoring]
I have rehearsal!
-But we're bringing in
sandwiches.
-What kind?
-Actually. I-I don't know.
Probably tuna.
-[attendees groan]
I'm sure there's
a vegetarian option. Oh. and
some turkey breast. [echoing]
Oh. my God. I wanna go home!
-[attendees clamoring]
-[microphone feedback]
Aha!
[♪ gentle music playing]
Long night?
Max had a sleepover last night.
Five boys. One bathroom.
That sounds like torture.
[elevator dings]
Jesus. Heller.
Put a bell on. man.
Do you remember that forensic
science symposium last fall?
I told a professor
that her criminology class
could dig into
one of our cold cases.
They're set up in the press
room ready to pitch their
findings to the both of you.
-Absolutely not.
What about Franklin?
-Findings? No. No.
-What about Franklin?
-He's out. Sick. Be nice.
-How old are they?
-College age?
-No. No. no. no.
-I don't know
how to talk to them.
Hey. He will say
the wrong thing.
you know he will.
They're gonna tell HR on me.
Is that what you want?
Any dead body.
Bloated.
picked over by animals.
something that will
stick with me forever.
Please. Heller?
Have fun.
[college student]
Beverly Rutledge. 63.
life devoted to service.
stabbed to death
in her woodworking studio.
April 2003.
There was a halfway house
on Beverly's block.
It was the obvious play
for the police at the time.
Makes sense.
House full of criminals.
-Yeah. except they were wrong.
-[slideshow whooshes]
Can we stop with the whooshing?
[device beeps]
This is Toni Hollis.
She lived in the halfway house
after serving four years
for killing her boyfriend.
Andre McCoy.
Claimed self-defense.
pled down to manslaughter.
She was spotted in
Beverly's woodworking studio
more than once.
Cops legit thought she did it.
like prime suspect.
case closed.
But the DNA
didn't match at all.
After that. nada.
case went cold.
Okay. And?
So we dug into Toni's
transcript and interview notes.
In her interview.
she mentions a guy
in a yellow Cutlass tailing her
the night of the murder
on Beverly's block.
So you decided
the guy in the Cutlass
killed Beverly Rutledge?
Did anybody follow up on that?
No. Detective Polaski.
I'm glad you asked.
They found Toni Hollis
an unreliable witness
because of her record
and drug use.
These male detectives
just wrote her off.
Hmm. Detectives "Wendy Severson
and Lacey White."
Internalized misogyny.
very common.
Okay. What else we got
on the Cutlass?
Yes. we used an aggregator
to comb through
the online archives
of all the local newspapers
for six months around the time
of the murder.
and we found this.
"Residents of Lakewood Heights
are advised to be
on the lookout
for a woman
who fended off an attacker
in Crawford Garden Park.
Six feet tall. white male.
brown hair. mustache.
driving a large sedan.
Oldsmobile or Buick.
light-colored.
possibly cream or yellow."
Lakewood Heights is right next
to Beverly's neighborhood.
and a Cutlass is an Oldsmobile.
-Yeah.
-Thanks for that.
[Angie]
You might have something here.
Somebody's gotta dig up
those old case files
for the other attack--
Not it.
Dust exacerbates my cancer.
All right. you and me. Kaia.
Let's go. Get my bears.
Grab your bag.
Appreciate the rush.
Get some sleep.
Pete said that Catalina
was killed by a poison
called aconitine.
The tox screen matches it
to a residue that Pete found
in her body makeup.
It's a powder
derived from a flower.
Okay. Well. we've talked
to every dancer except one.
Roxy Vásquez.
-Ooh. La Roxy?
That'll be interesting.
-What does that mean?
Roxy. Catalina.
What?
What are you talking about?
-Drama.
-Bonbon.
Okay. All right. All right.
So Roxy Vásquez.
the hottest dancer here.
and probably the best dancer
I've ever seen.
And she's Boricua too.
just like us. papi .
What's her history
with Catalina?
Well. Roxy and Javi
used to dance together.
but that was before Catalina
swooped in and stole him away.
[exclaims]
-She was incredible.
-So who does Roxy
dance with now?
No one. She's just here
doing exhibitions.
But if she got back
with Javi... [sucks teeth]
...they could win it all.
Meaning
the $100.000 grand prize.
This is really good
information. You know. if only
we had known this earlier.
Well. I don't have
a crystal ball.
I don't know what you're doing.
If you want answers.
you got to ask me questions.
Okay. here's a question.
Where's Roxy now?
Try the dressing room
downstairs. in the basement.
Hey. you go talk to Roxy.
I'll find Javi.
Once again. thank you. Bonbon.
for breaking the case
wide open for us.
Here's the key to Atlanta.
Here's a Medal of Honor.
And tickets to Cowboy Carter .
[♪ "Cafe" playing]
Roxy Vásquez?
One moment.
I'm not finished yet.
Can I help you?
[♪ music stops]
I'm Special Agent Will Trent.
-Right. the man
from nowhere. [chuckles]
-Hmm.
Do you dance?
No. [chuckles]
I once found a salsa class
on YouTube. It did not go well.
Hmm. Come on. I'll show you.
[♪ music resumes]
I'm not answering questions
unless you do.
-Hmm. Why not?
-[Roxy chuckles]
[clears throat]
Okay. So you're gonna start
with your left foot forward.
then you raise your right--
Whoa. whoa. Can you. um...
Can you just show me?
Sure. Left.
Um... [clears throat]
We've been
interviewing people for hours.
You been hiding from us?
I'm not hiding. I needed
to practice. You're off rhythm.
-Hmm.
-Stop it. [chuckles]
Oh. okay. Don't yell at me.
If I yell at you. you'll know.
Look at me.
And why are you
practicing. huh?
You're not competing.
Catalina Cortez
stole your partner.
Although.
he is available now. isn't he?
I guess he is.
If you hurry...
you might be able
to scoop him up. Agent Trent.
Is it a made-up name?
I'm an orphan.
It was given to me.
How did you get
those nasty bruises
on your leg. huh?
Comes with dancing.
Catch a heel. take a knee.
-Part of the job.
-Hmm.
Tell me about your relationship
with Catalina Cortez.
[sighs. mutters in Spanish]
Catalina was a pendeja.
She was a bitch.
Thought she deserved
the best of everything.
whatever she wanted.
Hmm. Like she took Javi?
That must've pissed you off?
I'll be fine without Javi.
And I don't wanna make
a whole thing of this. but...
why didn't you cover up
those bruises?
Everyone else is slathered in
body makeup. but not you.
You're paying
awfully close attention to me.
Oh. you can count on it.
I'm sorry to interrupt. Um...
Agent Trent.
your partner's looking for you.
-She's down the hall.
-[music stops]
-To be continued.
-Hmm.
-[Will] Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
He confessed.
This was in his backpack.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
-[Will] Javi.
-[crying] I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
You killed Catalina?
Yes. I killed her.
[Faith] Okay. Javi.
we got the labs back.
and this is a match
for the poison used
to kill Catalina.
Walk me through how you did it.
I put the poison
into her body makeup
and I stirred it in.
and that's what killed her.
How much did you put in?
I don't know.
A couple of shakes.
like sugar in your coffee.
-Like sugar in your coffee?
-Yeah.
When did you do this?
[exhales] Lunchtime? Like noon.
Meaning more than ten hours
before she died?
Yeah.
Okay.
He didn't do it.
How do you know?
Poison breaks down
after four hours.
She didn't start getting ready
till seven o'clock that night.
This guy's a patsy.
That's what I'm saying.
He's lying.
We're missing something.
Let's get Roxy in here.
[Kaia] How long
does this usually take?
Depends on the case. [sighs]
Could be hours. days. weeks.
-[Kaia groans]
-[Angie] What?
There's a 20-year-old
baloney sandwich in here.
It's baloney.
It's probably still good.
Gross.
Why isn't this all digitized?
Cross-referencing evidence.
interviews.
This would take.
like. five minutes
instead of five hours.
I'm sorry. is this hard?
Is it hard getting justice
for woodworking Beverly?
It's a cold case.
This is us taking you
seriously. It's what it
looks like. Stop complaining.
I don't think
expressing an emotion
should be called complaining.
-Shut up.
-Okay. God.
Is this what we're looking for?
[Angie inhales]
Yeah. Yeah. it is.
This is the witness statement
for that attack you saw
in the paper.
"Sam Lopez saw a yellow Cutlass
leaving the scene."
Hey. here's something
that wasn't in the paper.
Partial plate.
[chuckles]
[Kaia] Yeah.
Okay. here we go.
Registrations on every
yellow Oldsmobile Cutlass
in Georgia in the year 2003.
[phone chimes]
-[phone chimes]
-[sighs]
Kaia keeps sending me
voice memos.
Why do you guys do that?
-Faster.
-Yeah. faster for you.
annoying for me.
It's like listening
to a podcast
I never subscribed to.
So what do we do now?
Like. how do we narrow
this list down?
We cross-reference the names.
see if anyone has a record.
Gonna be a tough road
though 'cause half these people
are probably dead by now.
and the other half
definitely don't remember
where they were at
the time of the murder.
That's why I love a fresh body.
The warmer the better.
-[Kaia on phone. indistinct]
-What are you doing?
Why do you hold it like that?
That's not how you use a phone.
-Hold it normal.
-What is normal?
On speaker.
[chuckles] Speaker?
You're the reason
going out in public sucks now.
If you'd listen to
your voice memos.
you'd know that Kaia
and Detective Polaski
got a partial plate.
Starts with the L-F-2.
Oh-ho-ho.
The ladies got a break.
L-F-2 belongs to Wayne Hensley.
Mr. Wayne Hensley has
multiple misdemeanors.
domestic violence complaints.
no charges ever filed.
Still lives in Atlanta.
still alive.
Okay. Yeah.
I can dig through his socials.
[chuckles]
Maybe he's on TikTok.
He's 65.
Don't be ageist.
I have a better idea. Stakeout.
Really?
-Let's go. meat.
-[chuckles]
Do you recognize this?
[♪ tense music playing]
-Yeah. that's my body makeup.
-Hmm.
I thought so.
'Cause it's
the same body makeup
used to poison Catalina.
-What?
-Javi is lying.
He's covering for someone.
I think it's you.
Catalina stole
your dance partner. right?
And in doing so.
she stole 100 grand from you.
-I-I didn't kill her.
-Then how did she get
your makeup?
I don't know.
She probably stole it.
Like she swiped my dress
last year and then lied
to my face about it.
She thinks the world
belongs to her.
Ask anyone.
She just takes things.
If Catalina stole your makeup.
it means she wasn't
the target. you were.
Why would someone
want you dead?
If you know something.
now's the time to talk.
Roxy. I don't know
what's going on.
But if you're in trouble.
I can help you.
[scoffs]
How?
How you can help me? Hmm?
You don't know me.
You don't know this world.
You don't know these people.
I'm done talking.
[Kaia] We're just gonna
follow this guy around all day?
I have other classes. you know.
Yeah. I was on a stakeout
for three days once.
No shower. no bed. just me.
400 bags of Funyuns.
Wish this was a Funyun.
Can't you just arrest him
and run his DNA?
For what?
Man's doing his laundry.
We have to wait and hope
that he leaves some DNA behind
someplace where there's
no reasonable expectation
of privacy.
Like maybe on that cigarette
he's smoking.
Hmm...
-[all groan]
-[Michael] Come on.
Who does that?
Hey. All right.
-What'd I miss?
-Mmm. he doesn't use
fabric softener.
Fabric softeners are a scam.
Your clothes are
already soft enough.
Hey. look at this.
[student slurps]
[machine buzzes]
Here we go.
Just leave it. man.
Walk away. walk away.
-This guy's killing me.
-Damn it. Wayne.
what are you doing?
Making an art installation
with your DNA trash?
I have to get out of this car.
Kaia. Take a walk.
[crunching]
Right in the ear. really?
Right in my ear.
[groans] I'm gonna have
this baby in this car.
[groans] My stomach hurts.
If anyone farts.
I swear to God.
there will be another murder.
And there's not
a jury in the world
who will convict me.
Oh. God. He's leaving.
This whole thing's a bust.
[Kaia] Okay. forget it.
I give up.
I don't care
who murdered Beverly Rutledge.
I don't care about justice.
I just wanna go home.
Kaia. it's been 90 minutes.
[both] Gum!
Hallelujah.
Let's get this murder gum
and go the hell home.
[slurping]
When I found out
my mother was from Puerto Rico.
for the first time in my life.
I knew something about myself.
And I thought
that meant I got to be
a part of something.
Suddenly. I had this history.
I came from a people.
a lineage.
Felt like I had an anchor.
Like I finally found
a piece of...
home.
But to these people... [scoffs]
...I'm nothing.
I'm less than nothing.
I'm an outsider.
My Spanish is terrible.
I don't dance salsa.
Everything I learned about
my heritage came from a book.
Not even a book. an audiobook.
Whatever. Who cares?
Look. are we done?
I don't have time for this.
I'm in the middle of a case.
Don't do that. Everything
you're saying matters.
And by the way.
we are talking about the case.
Hmm.
[sighs]
You know. when I was a kid and
things were really bad. um...
I used to try to disappear.
[♪ emotional music playing]
Don't call attention.
don't make noise.
And if I tried hard...
it was like I was there but...
[sighs] ...I really wasn't.
That's how this feels.
I'm the man from nowhere.
[chuckles]
It's pathetic. I know.
When I was in college.
I went to Korea with three
other Koreans from Georgia.
Everybody in Seoul
saw right through us.
big dumb Georgia Koreans.
But that didn't mean
we weren't Korean.
Just because you feel a barrier
to entry into your culture
doesn't mean it's not yours.
It's absolutely yours.
I feel so outside.
So. what can we do
to center you?
What can you fall back on?
Solving
Catalina Cortez's murder.
Good. I like that.
Do your job. stand up for her.
These people don't know you.
but I do.
This killer
is underestimating you. Good.
They won't even see you coming.
Take a swig. You're
still building your tolerance.
I think it was the Funyuns.
-Pete. please tell me
you got good news.
-Looks like you got a bad guy.
-Yeah.
-Sweet.
Lab ran the DNA from the gum.
It's a full match on
three separate rape kits.
It's conclusive.
I briefed Special Victims.
They're picking him up now.
-What about Beverly Rutledge?
-Not a match.
Whoever killed her.
it wasn't him.
-[Michael] Thanks. Pete.
-[Pete] Yep.
Hey. look. you just solved
three sexual assault cases.
This is huge.
No. yeah. I know. good.
I just thought
we solved a murder.
Wait. so what now?
The case just dies again?
No. I wanna talk to Toni.
They wrote her off because
she was unreliable. unstable.
My kind of gal.
Let's bring her in.
Javi's lying to us. and Roxy's
not telling us what she knows.
So. you've come to
Encyclopedia Bonbon.
Let's start with what you know
about Javi Amenos.
Ah. Javi's drowning.
Money problems.
His family's in trouble
trying to get out of Colombia.
He's scraping cash
any way he can.
Sounds like motive to lie.
He's being paid
to be the fall guy.
What do you know
about Roxy Vásquez?
Roxy. Roxy. Roxy. [laughs]
-She loves oysters.
-Okay.
She got a dog
named Chu. Pikachu.
Not choo choo. like the train.
Anything that could tell us
who wanted Roxy dead. Bonbon.
I'm accessing
the memory palace.
You know. it takes a minute.
-Whenever you're ready.
-Thank you.
Okay. here's something
I have noticed. but you
tell me if it's relevant.
Y'all the detectives.
Every time Ramos Delgado
checks-in to a hotel
on business.
the socials put Roxy
within blocks of him.
You think Roxy's having
an affair with Ramos?
Well. you said it. not me.
I'm just a lonely observer
of facts.
If that is true. we need to be
looking at his wife. Isabella.
Kill the woman who's sleeping
with her husband.
Keep his money and his status.
If you want to talk.
you better talk to them fast.
because they're going
to Colombia after the finals.
Ramos is the guest of honor
at some luncheon
for rich people.
Which. like. what even is
a luncheon anyways?
Like. just say lunch.
We can't hold Isabella.
She has diplomatic immunity.
We need hard evidence
to petition the Colombian
government to revoke it.
We only have 24 hours.
Let's loop in Amanda.
Have her bring them in.
Say that she has
an update for them.
Maybe we can rattle his cage
and see what shakes loose.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Can I go?
Y'all didn't want to hear me
20 years ago.
Why should I say anything now?
[Angie] Well.
we don't always get it right.
We're trying to now.
You said in
your original statement.
Beverly was
the only one who cared
what was happening to you.
What'd you mean by that?
She was kind.
Not a lot of people are nice
to convicts. you know.
They don't...
They don't think we can change.
But not Bev.
She let me hang out
in her shop. [chuckles]
-Woodworking. right?
-Yeah.
That place always smelled
like sawdust and pine.
She told me I can come by
whenever I wanted.
She help you make that?
Yeah. It's a habit by now.
May I?
It's beautiful.
It's the first thing
I ever made.
Got me through
a lot in that house. [chuckles]
The halfway house?
What was going on there?
[♪ tense music playing]
If you wanna talk. I'll listen.
Started with favors.
You know. you'd break a rule.
and Jim would--
Who's Jim?
Uh. Jim Branson.
The house manager.
He looked the other way
if you did him a favor.
We're talking sexual favors?
Come on. Lady. you know.
Yeah. I do.
But all those favors
turned into
a deal with the devil.
With a record. it's near
impossible to find a place
to live. and he knew it.
You couldn't pay rent.
Yeah. Jim would make sure
you earn it his way.
He brought guys in
and charged them.
I'm so sorry. Toni.
Did Beverly know about it?
I told her.
And she said
she's gonna talk to Jim.
Call the cops if she needed to.
Put an end to it.
Week later. she was killed.
We will do everything
in our power to put this right.
This case isn't
what I expected.
They never are.
Deputy Director.
thank you for taking the time
-to meet with us
before we fly tonight.
-[Amanda] Of course.
Happy to give you an update.
-[Amanda] Please come in.
-[Ramos clears throat]
-Oh. my God.
-What?
So. you have an update for us.
Sorry for the.
uh. interruption.
Catalina's belongings
still need to be released.
Mr. Delgado. if you
wouldn't mind going with me
to property for a signature.
Uh. that's right.
I completely forgot.
Um. thanks for the reminder.
It's right this way.
It won't take long.
Of course.
Isabella.
We don't have much time.
I saw your tattoo.
the flor de maga.
Roxy has one too.
Only hers is a hummingbird.
You know the story. don't you?
[♪ salsa music playing]
[Will] Two lovers torn apart.
couldn't be together.
The gods took pity on them
and turned one of them
into a hummingbird.
And the other one
into a flower...
so they could always find
their way back to each other.
You and Roxy
are having an affair.
Your husband found out.
He tried to kill her
because of it.
Is that true. Ms. Delgado?
Don't. [stutters]
Don't. please.
We leave right after
the final dance. There's
nothing you can do about it.
-We can protect you.
-No. no. You...
[stammers] You can't.
You don't know him.
Please?
Leave it alone.
Yeah?
Yeah.
[sniffs]
[clears throat]
Tell Ramos I'll be in the car.
What now?
We get him.
Yeah. perfect. Thank you.
Guys. we got it.
Judge just signed off
on the warrant for Jim Branson.
-Where's Kaia? We gotta go.
-Caffeine run.
Thought we'd be here late.
Ah. you're learning.
Though she did take my order
a while ago. so...
These damn voice memos.
Three in the last hour.
Are you ever
going to listen to them?
Fine. Okay? But I'm gonna
do it on speaker and I don't
wanna hear anything about it.
[Kaia] Hey. Detective.
I know you said
you wanted drip coffee.
but have you ever had matcha?
I think you'd really like it.
Let me know
if you wanna switch it up.
No. matcha tastes like lawn.
-[phone beeps]
-Ugh. Line's brutal.
There's still time
to change your mind
if you want to try the matcha.
It's great with oat milk.
You know what?
I'll just get you both.
No. Why would she do that?
-I'll drink it.
-How many more of these
are there?
Just one. thank God. [sighs]
Okay. wrapping up
at the coffee shop.
You know what's cray?
Jim Branson's current address
is just a few minutes away.
I'm gonna swing by.
If it's trash night.
maybe I can snag DNA
like you showed us.
-I'll keep you posted.
-[sighs] Damn it. Kaia.
[♪ tense music playing]
What the hell are you doing
on my property?
I'm making a citizen's arrest
for the murder of
Beverly Rutledge.
What did you just say to me?
I meant to say.
this is a citizen's arrest.
-[Kaia exclaims]
-[Jim grunting]
[grunts]
[tires squeal]
Jim Branson. you're
under arrest for solicitation.
human trafficking...
Hey. stay. You stay here.
[Michael] You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
-Hey. you all right?
-Yeah.
-You sure?
Dude. that was so dumb.
-Let's go.
-[grunts]
Okay. An intern no more.
Let's get you home.
[sirens wailing]
[♪ salsa music playing]
[attendee] It's Javi and Roxy.
[murmuring]
Why is that man not in custody?
He's a murderer.
I'm not prosecuting a man
we both know didn't do it.
What the hell
are you talking about?
I-I heard he confessed.
You know.
I have a different theory.
Catalina.
she was collateral damage.
You wanted Roxy gone
because Isabella
was gonna leave you for her.
And that just ate at you.
And so you did something.
That's a big accusation
to make. Agent.
Yeah. well. there's precedent.
isn't there?
Six years ago.
Senator Ernesto Castaño.
your biggest rival.
drops dead
at a political rally. huh?
Oh. yeah.
we obtained his autopsy report.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Aconitine. Same poison
used to kill Catalina.
[scoffs. inhales]
If you did your homework.
you also learned
I was never charged.
Yeah. because you handpicked
the prosecutor.
Even if that were true.
and it's not.
you'll never touch me.
Diplomatic immunity
protects me.
That eats at you.
doesn't it. hermano ?
I'm not your hermano .
[chuckles] You're not.
I did my research too.
It must gnaw at you.
coming from nothing.
always being on the outside.
Same way it kills you
knowing you can't put me away.
And you know that.
Catalina didn't do anything
to deserve this.
No. she didn't. It's just
the cost of doing business.
No one crosses me.
[in Spanish]
[speaks Spanish]
Hmm.
You get all that. Faith?
Yes. we did.
We spoke to
the Colombian government
and the State Department.
Your immunity is revoked.
You're gonna be charged here.
I want my attorney.
-Sure. Yeah.
you should do that.
-Let's go.
[sighs]
[♪ salsa music playing]
The hummingbird
and flor de maga.
[Isabella]
And now we can be together
because the man from nowhere
knew the old Taino legend
from the island. right?
I must've come across it
in a book.
Hmm. Thank you. Agent Trent.
You know. Puerto Rico could be
the place for our new start.
[Roxy] Hmm.
-I'd love that for us.
-Yeah.
I'll look you all up
next time I visit.
-Please.
-Oh.
You wanna come dance?
You could work on your salsa.
-[Isabella laugh]
-[Will chuckles]
Yeah. I... I really gotta go.
What? You got a girl
waiting at home for you? Hmm?
Maybe.
[Roxy sighs]
-I love you.
[sighs] No. I don't just have
any girl waiting.
I have a gorgeous girl
waiting for me. Hmm.
[♪ "Puerto Rico" playing]
-Isn't that right. Betty?
-[whines]
[chuckles]
Let me show you
what I learned today.
You ready? Yeah.
[kisses] That's my girl.
[humming]
[chuckles]
Something like this.
I don't know.
[grunts. chuckles]
That's my girl.
Yeah.
[music stops]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm